[QInfo broadcasting (1/3)] Support for `qml.math` density matrix functions (#4173)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  and now inherits from `qml.ops.op_math.ControlledOp`.
  [(#4116)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4116/)

> * Added support for broadcasting in `qml.math.reduce_dm` and `qml.math.reduce_statevector`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `qml.math.reduce_dm` and `qml.math.reduce_statevector` to produce reduced density matrices.
  Both functions have broadcasting support.
```
